MikMod 2.10 X-mas WATCOM Release
================================

Ho-ho-ho... Just a quick pre-release of mikmod 2.10 for all you Watcom fans
(especially for those of you who might need it for The Party :)

The most important changes are:

- Batteries included.. ugh I mean binaries included

- You can compile & use mikmod in both C or C++ mode

- Global volume XM effects supported

- The ASM mixing routines are back (twice as fast as the C versions)

- Ensoniq Soundscape driver


A few tips
==========

- Please don't forget about the /zu switch.. read WATIRQ.DOC

- Use pmodew for your final versions instead of DOS4GW. (faster, better,
  it RULES!)

- Give me some credit if you use it in your demo

- Interpolated mixing is not present in this version.. wait for the final
  mikmod 2.10 release.


Shareware or PD ?
=================
                  
As of version 1.90 and higher (which some people received) MikMod is 
SHAREWARE. Now don't format your harddisk.. This only means that you have to 
give me a small teensy-weensy one-time $25 US registration fee if you want to 
use MikMod COMMERCIALLY. Basically the rule is: IF YOU'RE ASKING MONEY FOR 
THE PRODUCT YOU'RE USING MIKMOD WITH, YOU HAVE TO REGISTER. See REGISTER.FRM 
for more details on how to register.

- Registering MikMod is for binaries only. You're not allowed to distribute 
the MikMod sources or parts of it in _any_ form. If you do want to distribute
the sources on a commercial basis, you'll need special permission of the 
author (Jean-Paul Mikkers).

- Registering MikMod gives you the right to sell an unlimited number of 
copies of the product you're using it for.. pretty flexible huh?

- Registering MikMod 2.09B means that you're registering all versions of 
mikmod between 2.00 and any updates until version 2.99. This allows for 
bugfixes and updates without the need to register again.

- A MikMod registration cannot be transferred from one person to another, or 
from one person to a company, or from one company to another company.

- Any contributors to MikMod (bug-fixes, new loaders, new drivers) will get 
automatic registration for ALL MikMod versions. I'll decide if your 
contribution is good enough for registration.

- If you're a very poor shareware author and you want to use MikMod, send 
some email with your story :). I'm always willing to negotiate a lower price, 
or some form of alternative payment (like sample CD's, or software or Cindy 
Crawford videos =).

- It's not illegal to register MikMod even when you don't use it commercially 
=P

So you see, I'm not doing this to get rich.. but it would be nice if I could 
buy a couple of CD's from the registration money, or at least get the money I 
spent on buying my SB16.


Example sources
===============

This version of MikMod includes three sample sources:


        MIKWAV: Demonstrates the use of the wav-loading capabilities of 
                mikmod to use for soundeffects.
                
        MIKMOD: The modplayer.
        
        MIKCVT: Utility to convert your modules to the UNIMOD(tm) format.
                           


How to contact me
=================

Please send your questions, registration forms, comments, bugreports,
bugfixes, loaders, drivers, soundcards etc. to:


        Email: 
               mikmak@via.nl (preferred)
        
               mikmak@stack.urc.tue.nl
        
        
        Snail-mail:
               
               Jean-Paul Mikkers
               Godartstr. 16
               5932AX Tegelen,
               The Netherlands

        Phone:  
               +31 (0)77-3732736


Legal Stuff
===========

This software is SHAREWARE.

Disclaimer:

The author (Jean-Paul Mikkers) specifically disclaims all warranties,
expressed or implied, including but not limited to implied warranties of
merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose with respect to defects
in the software and documentation.

In no event shall the author be liable for any loss of profit or damage,
including but not limited to special, incidental, or consequential damages.

All product names, trademarks and registered trademarks contained in this
document are the property of their respective holders.

